---
layout: default
title: 1001 sentence
parent: English
---


1. If chaina's coal use continues to increase as predicted, by 2040 China will have consumed more than a third of global reserves.
1. The relationship peple share with sibling are often the longest -lasting ones they will ever have experienced.
1. When the mountaineers get back to the base, they'll have heen in the snowstorm for two days.
1. All the leavse will have fallen before you come here, so you won't be able to see the leaves turning red.
1. The first game of chess is believed to have originated in northen india.
1. A good book chanllenges us and hcanges us - we are never quite the same after having read it.
1. To have doubted one's own first principles is the mark of a civilized man.
1. The gain in self-confidence from having accomplished a tiresome labor is immense.
1. I fyou take this pill, it might stop the cold or at least lessen the severity.
1. She can't be hanging around with her friends this late at ight. She must be at home sleeping.
1. The brave many not live forever but the cautious do not live at all.
1. You could hardly make a friend in a year, but you could lose one in an hour.
1. When you encounter an unfamiliar word, contextual clues should help you make a guess about the word's meaning.
1. A wise person ought to try to avoid feelings of guilt by avoding the acts that cause them.
1. Connecting with other people facing the same problems would help you feel less alone.
1. Familiarity breeds contempt. This proverb suggests that a closer acquaintance with someone will reuslt in a lessning of resprect.